how about testing your observation skills each next leverl is trickire then previous level. rember to note down your scrore 
each correct answer is 1point .you will find your results at he end of the video
Level one New BIe 


there's   something  that isn't quiet right   in this picture,    but what!


Video Intro:-
Would you like to put your observation skills to the test?      
Each subsequent level becomes more challenging than the previous one.       Make sure to keep track of your score.     Each correct answer earns you one point.         
You can view your results at the end of the video. Let's begin with Level One: Newbie.

start of video:- 
Which one stands out from the rest?
Among these, which one is not like the others?
Can you identify the odd one out?
Tell me which one doesn't belong with the others.
Which option deviates from the others?
Identify the one that doesn't fit in the group.
Out of these, which one is the oddball?
Find the item that is distinct from the rest.
Spot the one that is unique among the choices.
Determine the one that doesn't conform to the pattern.



end of video

Take a look at this one; it's distinct from the others.
Have a look at this particular one; it stands out from the rest.
Check out this one; it's unlike the others.
Observe this one; it's different compared to the rest.
Pay attention to this one; it's unique among the others.
Take notice of this one; it's dissimilar to the rest.
Have you located it? Here it is.
Were you able to find it? Here it is, just as promised.
Did you manage to locate it? Here's the one.
Have you discovered it? This is the one. Let me know in the comments.





Look at this one its diffrent from other.
Here it is were you able to find it?.
This is the one Did you get it Write in comments.

Did you manage to locate the specific one I mentioned?
Have you had any luck finding the one I referred to?
Was it possible for you to find the one I was talking about?
Were you successful in locating the particular one I mentioned?
Have you been able to find the one I was referring to?
Did you find the one I mentioned?
Were you able to locate the specific one I was talking about?
Have you made any progress in finding the one I mentioned?
Was it the one I mentioned? Did you find it?
Have you had any success in finding the one I was referring to?


It's time for the results. Are you prepared?

If your score is between 0 and 15, focus on paying more attention to smaller details and practice your observation skills.
 Over time, your results will significantly improve.

If your score is between 16 and 30, you have keen eyes. Keep up the good work!

If your score is between 30 and 50, you possess the sharpest eyes. You can even spot the smallest details.

Please share your score in the comments section, and don't forget to like and subscribe.

This is Guess The Animal By Emoji. Can you guess the animal only by emojis? Let's check it out in this animal emoji quiz challenge. Comment your score down below!

Find the mistake:https://youtu.be/XpyU2PJ3acw

Find the odd Emoji:https://youtu.be/stcpeGJsjhU

Find the Odd one Out :https://youtu.be/KT4zet_vwHQ

For more challenges , quiz, Riddles and Puzzles visit :https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCloNw79K3MATx0NPYiJ_Jiw
Dont forget to subscribe to our channel for more quizes like this Alrigh Let's Begin


    guess the animal name by emoji,
    
    guess the animal name challenge,
    
    guess the animal name game,
    
    guess the animal name quiz,
    
    guess the animal name in tamil,
    
    guess the animal name shorts,
    
    guess the animal name cocomelon,
    
    guess the animal name by sound,
    
    guess the animal name puzzle,
    
    guess the animal name the super quiz channel,
    
    guess the animal name with ice cream,
    
    guess the animal name game - the animal junction,

    find the odd emoji,
find the odd emoji out,
find odd emoji,
find the odd emoji hard,
find the odd one out emoji,
find the odd emoji challenge,find the odd emoji easy,find the odd emoji shorts,find the odd emoji out challenge,find out odd emoji,
puzzle emoji,emoji puzzle song,emoji diy paper puzzle,emoji puzzle shorts